# rios.riostests.riostestutils
    Generate a set of test images to use in testing the system.
    
    This set of routines uses only simple gdal routines, so as
    to be independant of anything inside RIOS. After all, not much use 
    using RIOS to generate the input images, if RIOS is the 
    thing being tested. 

## Functions
### def checkBindSocket()
        Check whether we can bind a socket. Needed because Github's servers
        have stopped allowing this, so we need to disable tests which use
        the NetworkDataChannel structure.
        
        Return True if bind() works, false otherwise.

### def createTestFile(filename, numRows=500, numCols=500, dtype=1, numBands=1, epsg=28355, xLeft=500000, yTop=7000000, xPix=10, yPix=10, driverName='HFA', creationOptions=['COMPRESS=YES'])
        Create a simple test file, on a standard footprint. Has some fairly arbitrary
        default values for all the relevant characteristics, which can be
        over-ridden as required. 
        
        Returns the dataset object. 

### def genRampArray(nRows=500, nCols=500)
        Generate a simple 2-d linear ramp. Returns a numpy array of the data

### def genRampImageFile(filename, reverse=False, xLeft=500000, yTop=7000000, nullVal=None, numRows=500, numCols=500)
        Generate a test image of a simple 2-d linear ramp. 

### def genRowColImage(filename, nrows, ncols, xPix, yPix, xLeft, yTop)
        Generate a 2-layer image. For each pixel, the two layer values
        are the row and column number for that pixel

### def genThematicFile(filename)
        Generate a thematic file

### def genVectorSquare(filename, epsg=28355, xShift=0)
        Generate a square, which would lie inside the rasters generated by the
        routines above.

### def removeRasterFile(filename)
        Remove the given GDAL raster file, using the appropriate driver.
        Mainly called to remove temporary files created by the tests. 

### def removeVectorFile(filename)
        Remove the given OGR vector file, using the appropriate driver. 

### def report(testName, message)
        Report a test result

### def reportStart(testName)
        Report the beginning of a given test

### def testAll()
        Runs all the tests - called from testrios.py
        
        Returns number of tests that fail

## Values
    CAN_BIND_SOCKET = True
    DEFAULT_COLS = 500
    DEFAULT_DTYPE = 1
    DEFAULT_EPSG = 28355
    DEFAULT_PIXSIZE = 10
    DEFAULT_ROWS = 500
    DEFAULT_XLEFT = 500000
    DEFAULT_YTOP = 7000000
    division = _Feature((2, 2, 0, 'alpha', 2), (3, 0, 0, 'alpha', 0), 131072)
    platformName = 'Linux'
    print_function = _Feature((2, 6, 0, 'alpha', 2), (3, 0, 0, 'alpha', 0), 1048576)
